c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\WenJiez\Source\Repos\FYP\TLMS.Common\obj\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
