c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Shraddha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TLMS.Api\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Documents\SMU\Year 3\FYP\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.Serialization.ServiceStackText.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.Serialization.ServiceStackText.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.ServiceManager.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\TLMS.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\obj\Debug\TLMS.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.Serialization.ServiceStackText.dll
C:\Users\Shraddha\Source\Repos\TLMS2\TLMS.Tests\bin\Debug\NodaTime.Serialization.ServiceStackText.xml
